<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="pre">
  <title>Pre-Requisite</title>
  
  <body>


    <p>  
Followings are the items that needs to be completed before we start executing Pass-1 of the scripts:
 <ol>
        <li>Make sure, Dell Redhat NFV solution 6.0 is deployed successfully and all the OpenStack services are up and running.</li>
        <li>Make sure Compute Nodes are equipped with additional hardware as mentioned in Hardware reference section.
</li>
<li>Make sure the wiring of additional NIC adaptors to physical Dell S6000 switches are according to the wiring reference mentioned above.
</li>
<li>You must be loged in as “osp_admin” to execute the scripts.
</li>
<li>	Scripts must be cloned from the upstream repo of Dell NFV.
	  
<p>For more detail, refer to “How to get Software” section.</p>

	  
	  
	<p><b>Best Practice: </b></p> 
<ol>
<li>After modifying the .ini files, make sure to name the setting files according to the date/time/hardware_details etc. 
So it can be referenced easily for debugging.
</li>
<li>b.	It is helpful to verify that SSH is working b/w director and control/compute. You can go to director node and run the following command from there.
<codeblock>ssh heat-admin@ compute-node-ip>  </codeblock>
This will validate the SSH connectivity between director node and compute node.

</li>
</ol>
	
</li>	
</ol>
	  </p>
	  </body>
	  </topic>
	  
